NOT WORKING
Alexa Nissan Leaf: basic calculations, but no true functionallity
Blackjack: basic gameplay, still needs splitting + insurance, and there is no Visual version
chopsticks: basic visuals with no gameplay
cmd_cookie_clicker: console worked at one point, but I think seperating the files broke it.
DND: I have some basic stuff for adding data to json files, but I want a world map added.
Fetch Execute: Simply a written down idea, no serious work done on it.
Golf_sim: can do some simple single player hand simulations, and graph results.
jisho_testing: SUPER simple test. Probably not worth keeping
Language builder: I have a basic window that you can resize - but no actual functionallity for building a Language
language_combinations: a tool to help find syllable counts for number of phonems in a language.
Playing_card_engine: A pretty solid base for the workings of handling cards, but needs a lot of work to make graphics / better interactions.
Smash bros: A basic platforming system like in smash bros with the floor. Doesn't have attacks or anything
Sockets: server client connection that allows data transfer.
Stoplight_sim: can generate stoplights, and roads to connect them. No car/stoplight timing functionallity.
Sushi_go: has the basics of the cards in the game, but no actual scoring/gameplay is implemented
text_editor: Chat GPT made something very basic, and it doesn't accept keyboard input
TreeOS: 3d rendering system. Has two partially working systems in place
    The first system has good translations, but no rotation
    The second system can rotate objects in space, but movement is really poorly done.
Typing_game: a basic game that checks to see if you typed the text one the line.
Zork Clone: Trying to make a text-based RPG. Doesn't have much substance, but a basic system is in place.


WORKING
Banshee bot: This works, but there isn't a lot of functionallity in terms of more complex functions like posting map images
CompLing word frequency: This program actually does everything that I wanted it to do when I started. 
    You can give it a text file, and It'll graph the word frequency
fun_isometric: Fun basic concept, but it doesn't have mouse movement for some reason (from what I remember implementing)
Dollars_per_meal: computes how much money per meal should be spent to make it to the end of the quarter (only works for fall 2024)
Music_player: a VERY basic mp3 player using pygame
Personal_calendar: A discord bot daily to-do list that automatically posts the list every 24 hours for the user to react to
punchcard: successfully is able to convert binary to strings, and vise versa. Would be fun to connect this to an actual machine
pygame_boilerplate: This is a good base, but it might be nice to build out more of a library of game-like commands
senior quote: fully functional game of RPS in the word limit, so I'd count that as a win.
Song_parser: a program that creates a file that holds the lyrics to my japanese song playlist, as well as the parsed version.
table_top_drawing: a tool that lets you draw on the screen - super simple
Tree_script: It can read great from text files, but a terminal version would be cool
UI Builder: This works for moving around windows by the corners, but it 
    - doesn't work by grabbing the edges of windows
    - windows don't hold any information (img or text)
    - there is no way to save a UI for later.
